thanks for taking him Seth oh no problem
I can't imagine what you're gonna do
without each other next year Evan told
me you didn't get into Dartmouth you're
gonna miss each other no I don't miss
each other I'm gonna cry myself to sleep
every night me too
when I'm out party go to school boys bye
take care of those I never see all
parties or anything same thing was
actually a crazy night for me
Seth's parents were throwing this party
could get together cocktail casual Wow
and then we went to a nightclub you got
a we got ready sounds like you would
have loved it it's my brand-new fake ID
wait you changed your name to mclovin
don't even have a first name it just
says we love it this guy is either gonna
think here's another kid with a fake ID
or here's McLovin the 25 year old
Hawaiian organ donor I am making love in
no Mindy okay I'm gonna need to see some
identification makes me feel young again
[Music]
ethnically was he like like fred was the
African no he was like you he's Jewish
so we have an African Jew wearing a
hoodie tonight is our last party as high
school people you know when you hear
girls saying like ah was so gone my son
I shouldn't have slept with that guy we
could be that mistake engage
[Applause]
I love you I love you why don't we say
that every day why can't we say it more
often
I just want to go the rooftops and
scream I love my best friend Evan Boop
you're like the coolest person that's
ever talked to me and I blew it
oh you didn't blow it I think maybe
[Applause]
that is bona fide badass
[Music]